doc: document all available plug-ins (#1436)
openscd/open-scd: docs/plugins.md

> # Plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Plug-ins
```

> In this file we gather all the plugins that are available in the community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this file we gather all the plug-ins that are available in the community.
```

> We mark our official plugins that are supported by the OpenSCD organization with a badge:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We mark our official plug-ins that are supported by the OpenSCD organization with a badge:
```

<kbd>✅ Official</kbd>

> [!CAUTION]

> > We do not guarantee the quality or the security of the non-official plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> We do not guarantee the quality or the security of the non-official plug-ins
```

> [!NOTE]

> > If you want to add a plugin to this list, please open a pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you want to add a plug-in to this list, please open a pull request.
```

> [!TIP]

> > How to add a plugin: [Extensions.md](../packages/open-scd/public/md/Extensions.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> How to add a plug-in: [Extensions.md](../packages/open-scd/public/md/Extensions.md)
```

> > How to add a plugin: [Extensions.md](../packages/open-scd/public/md/Extensions.md)

Author: That is out of the scope of this PR and I would do it in the one where we change the naming everywhere

> ## Core Plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Core Plug-ins
```

> Core plugins are general IEC 61850 Plugins. They can be used in any project. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Core plug-ins are general IEC 61850 Plug-ins. They can be used in any project. 
```
